hi girls and guys welcome to this
super one more time and as the title says
of my video today I bring you an equal day
how to fix your gel eyeliners
or in creams and once you have
dried them and these people that
when something is hard for me, I like it
take advantage of it until the last thing yes I
I think that it has no remedy for lemon
so I have these 2
eyeliner in angel does much more good
you are watching this video but
I really did not have any
gel liner that was dry
until today that I realized that this and
this one was dry here I have a suárez
of each one the one on the left is the
mike and the one on the right is theirs
so it still looks like the most this to your
dry time because I have a lot and the
mistake that one commits is to open them all
at the same time always I say you have to
finish one first and then the other
but see
So what I'm going to do is
What I do is when I dry this
I put them in the microwave for 30 seconds
if I see that it is still a bit hard
I give it 30 more seconds until it
completely melt this one I do not give a
full minute like that because
I do not like that he did not want me to
will hurt so I prefer to do it from
little by little to keep it a minute
full ok so I'm going to put these
two in the microwave and return though
girls and guys I've already come back this way
See that of Huiqui 6 And I made the
hand what is the switch to show you
what is the before and the after and here
is the fingers so you can see they look
like when they come there is obviously
to be so that I'm with a
tooth stick of this the mobile thing and
I only told him this 30 seconds to
each one so come back to the hand the
the henna to the bottom
the outline of Marc when he was
dry and on the left side arribita of
he already once again melted this and
he took his what is his pigmentation a
weapon and hers if they realize then to
Despite everything, it did not change much, but
if the one on the right below is before me
when I was dry sorry and up with
thiago once I melted it again and so
everything is basically the same this
Then I took it out of the microwave
let stand for 20 minutes
so that he was aware of an environment
and then yes
that's one of the things that I do
when my eyeliners are dried and how
right now this I have several
eyeliners especially there is one that is
the most that I love and because I have
these so I was willing to spend
these first to later use that this
another one of the little things is going to give you a tip
more than I do another of the things that
I do when I buy the
gel eyeliners yes I think I have
more than one open those who buy new
I do not farm them and what I do is the agreement
in the fridge so I do it with the
nail polish and the little things so
they are like I did not make liquids that can be
damage then with the temperature that is
heat and so on
me what not in the fridge because because
cold the fridge keeps us so
Well, I have several eyeliners in which
they are still new but as
they are in the fridge have not yet been damaged
as I told them, the cold keeps them that way
that, well, girls, I hope that I have
liked the video any doubt or
questions feel free to make me
any request also below in the
information box leave the link of
the social networks in which I
can follow
and we 'll see each other in the next video